Update iOS Inspector SDK docs to cover cocapods release 2.0 (#991)
avohq/docs: pages/reference/avo-inspector-sdks/ios.mdx

>
> - `newBatchFlushSeconds: Int32` - sets batch flush time in seconds.

## Migrating from v1 to v2 of CocoaPods distribution

> Before the release 2.0.0 the CocoaPods Inspector SDK bundled the [Mobile Debugger](/reference/avo-debuggers/mobile#open-source-repositories-and-platform-specific-integration-docs). Starting from release 2.0.0 the Mobile Debugger is available as a standalone library. This approach will allow you to get greater control over your app dependencies, not including the Mobile Debugger into the production build. The Mobile Debugger was designed to be used in the development and staging build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the release 2.0.0 the CocoaPods Inspector SDK bundled the [Mobile Debugger](/reference/avo-debuggers/mobile#open-source-repositories-and-platform-specific-integration-docs). Starting from release 2.0.0 the Mobile Debugger is available as a standalone library. This approach will allow you to get greater control over your app dependencies, not including the Mobile Debugger into the production build. The Mobile Debugger is designed to be used in development and staging builds only.
```
